bestiary/AATM/Animated Coffin.webp
bestiary/AATM/Factol Skall.webp
bestiary/AATM/Heralds of Dust Exorcist.webp
bestiary/AI/Chaos Quadrapod.webp
bestiary/AI/Deep Crow.webp
bestiary/AI/Deep Crow.webp
bestiary/AI/Donaar Blitzen.webp
bestiary/AI/Flabbergast.webp
bestiary/AI/House Dran.webp
bestiary/AI/House Dran.webp
bestiary/AI/Jim Darkmagic.webp
bestiary/AI/Keg Robot.webp
bestiary/AI/Kthriss Drowb.webp
bestiary/AI/Morgaen.webp
bestiary/AI/Omin Dran.webp
bestiary/AI/Rosie Beestinger.webp
bestiary/AI/Splugoth the Returned.webp
bestiary/AI/The B Team.webp
bestiary/AI/The B Team.webp
bestiary/AI/The B Team.webp
bestiary/AI/The B Team.webp
bestiary/AI/Viari.webp
bestiary/AI/Walnut Dankgrass.webp
bestiary/BAM/Aartuk Elder.webp
bestiary/BAM/Aartuk Starhorror.webp
bestiary/BAM/Aartuk Weedling.webp
bestiary/BAM/Ancient Lunar Dragon.webp
bestiary/BAM/Astral Elf Aristocrat.webp
bestiary/BAM/Astral Elf Commander.webp
bestiary/BAM/Astral Elf Honor Guard.webp
bestiary/BAM/Astral Elf Star Priest.webp
bestiary/BAM/Astral Elf Warrior.webp
bestiary/BAM/Autognome.webp
bestiary/BAM/Braxat.webp
bestiary/BAM/Brohg.webp
bestiary/BAM/Brown Scavver.webp
bestiary/BAM/Chwinga Astronaut.webp
bestiary/BAM/Cosmic Horror.webp
bestiary/BAM/Dohwar.webp
bestiary/BAM/Esthetic.webp
bestiary/BAM/Eye Monger.webp
bestiary/BAM/Feyr.webp
bestiary/BAM/Gaj.webp
bestiary/BAM/Giant Space Hamster.webp
bestiary/BAM/Giff Shock Trooper.webp
bestiary/BAM/Giff Warlord.webp
bestiary/BAM/Githyanki Buccaneer.webp
bestiary/BAM/Githyanki Star Seer.webp
bestiary/BAM/Githyanki Xenomancer.webp
bestiary/BAM/Gray Scavver.webp
bestiary/BAM/Hadozee Explorer.webp
bestiary/BAM/Hadozee Shipmate.webp
bestiary/BAM/Hadozee Warrior.webp
bestiary/BAM/Jammer Leech.webp
bestiary/BAM/Kindori.webp
bestiary/BAM/Lunar Dragon Wyrmling.webp
bestiary/BAM/Megapede.webp
bestiary/BAM/Mercane.webp
bestiary/BAM/Murder Comet.webp
bestiary/BAM/Neh-thalggu.webp
bestiary/BAM/Night Scavver.webp
bestiary/BAM/Plasmoid Boss.webp
bestiary/BAM/Plasmoid Explorer.webp
bestiary/BAM/Plasmoid Warrior.webp
bestiary/BAM/Psurlon Leader.webp
bestiary/BAM/Psurlon.webp
bestiary/BAM/Reigar.webp
bestiary/BAM/Space Clown.webp
bestiary/BAM/Space Eel.webp
bestiary/BAM/Space Guppy.webp
bestiary/BAM/Space Mollymawk.webp
bestiary/BAM/Space Swine.webp
bestiary/BAM/Ssurran Defiler.webp
bestiary/BAM/Ssurran Poisoner.webp
bestiary/BAM/Starlight Apparition.webp
bestiary/BAM/Thri-kreen Gladiator.webp
bestiary/BAM/Thri-kreen Hunter.webp
bestiary/BAM/Thri-kreen Mystic.webp
bestiary/BAM/Vampirate.webp
bestiary/BAM/Void Scavver.webp
bestiary/BAM/Zodar.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/001-ud5xx-00-01.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Abyssal Chicken.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Amrik Vanthampur.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Arkhan the Cruel.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Bel.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Bel.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Black Gauntlet of Bane.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Bone Whelk.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Crokek'toeck.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Duke Thalamra Vanthampur.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Gideon Lightward.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Hellwasp.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Hollyphant.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Kostchtchie.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Krull.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Mahadi the Rakshasa.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Mortlock Vanthampur.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Necromite of Myrkul.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Nine-Fingers Keene.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Reaper of Bhaal.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Rilsa Rael.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Smiler the Defiler.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Thurstwell Vanthampur.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Torogar Steelfist.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Tressym.webp
bestiary/BGDIA/Ulder Ravengard.webp
bestiary/BGG/Aerosaur.webp
bestiary/BGG/Altisaur.webp
bestiary/BGG/Bag Jelly.webp
bestiary/BGG/Barrowghast.webp
bestiary/BGG/Cairnwight.webp
bestiary/BGG/Ceratops.webp
bestiary/BGG/Cinder Hulk.webp
bestiary/BGG/Cloud Giant Destiny Gambler.webp
bestiary/BGG/Cloud Giant of Evil Air.webp
bestiary/BGG/Death Giant Reaper.webp
bestiary/BGG/Death Giant Shrouded One.webp
bestiary/BGG/Dust Hulk.webp
bestiary/BGG/Echo of Demogorgon.webp
bestiary/BGG/Ettin Ceremorph.webp
bestiary/BGG/Fensir Devourer.webp
bestiary/BGG/Firbolg Primeval Warden.webp
bestiary/BGG/Firbolg Wanderer.webp
bestiary/BGG/Fire Giant Forgecaller.webp
bestiary/BGG/Fire Giant of Evil Fire.webp
bestiary/BGG/Fire Hellion.webp
bestiary/BGG/Firegaunt.webp
bestiary/BGG/Flesh Colossus.webp
bestiary/BGG/Fomorian Deep Crawler.webp
bestiary/BGG/Fomorian Noble.webp
bestiary/BGG/Fomorian Warlock of the Dark.webp
bestiary/BGG/Frost Giant Ice Shaper.webp
bestiary/BGG/Frost Giant of Evil Water.webp
bestiary/BGG/Frostmourn.webp
bestiary/BGG/Fury of Kostchtchie.webp
bestiary/BGG/Gargantua.webp
bestiary/BGG/Giant Goose.webp
bestiary/BGG/Giant Lynx.webp
bestiary/BGG/Giant Ox.webp
bestiary/BGG/Giant Ram.webp
bestiary/BGG/Giant Tick.webp
bestiary/BGG/Gigant.webp
bestiary/BGG/Goliath Giant-Kin.webp
bestiary/BGG/Grinning Cat.webp
bestiary/BGG/Hill Giant Avalancher.webp
bestiary/BGG/Lightning Hulk.webp
bestiary/BGG/Maw of Yeenoghu.webp
bestiary/BGG/Mist Hulk.webp
bestiary/BGG/Mud Hulk.webp
bestiary/BGG/Regisaur.webp
bestiary/BGG/Rime Hulk.webp
bestiary/BGG/Runic Colossus.webp
bestiary/BGG/Scion of Grolantor.webp
bestiary/BGG/Scion of Memnor.webp
bestiary/BGG/Scion of Skoraeus.webp
bestiary/BGG/Scion of Stronmaus.webp
bestiary/BGG/Scion of Surtur.webp
bestiary/BGG/Scion of Thrym.webp
bestiary/BGG/Spectral Cloud.webp
bestiary/BGG/Spotted Lion.webp
bestiary/BGG/Stalker of Baphomet.webp
bestiary/BGG/Stone Giant Rockspeaker.webp
bestiary/BGG/Stone Giant of Evil Earth.webp
bestiary/BGG/Storm Crab.webp
bestiary/BGG/Storm Giant Tempest Caller.webp
bestiary/BGG/Storm Herald.webp
bestiary/BGG/Tempest Spirit.webp
bestiary/BGG/Titanothere.webp
bestiary/BGG/Troll Amalgam.webp
bestiary/BGG/Troll Mutate.webp
bestiary/BMT/Ambitious Assassin.webp
bestiary/BMT/Aspirant of the Comet.webp
bestiary/BMT/Asteria.webp
bestiary/BMT/Aurnozci.webp
bestiary/BMT/Boss Augustus.webp
bestiary/BMT/Boss Delour.webp
bestiary/BMT/Breath Drinker.webp
bestiary/BMT/Enchanting Infiltrator.webp
bestiary/BMT/Euryale.webp
bestiary/BMT/Fate Hag.webp
bestiary/BMT/Grim Champion of Bloodshed.webp
bestiary/BMT/Grim Champion of Desolation.webp
bestiary/BMT/Grim Champion of Pestilence.webp
bestiary/BMT/Harrow Hawk.webp
bestiary/BMT/Harrow Hound.webp
bestiary/BMT/Hierophant Medusa.webp
bestiary/BMT/Hierophant of the Comet.webp
bestiary/BMT/Hulgaz.webp
bestiary/BMT/Initiate of the Comet.webp
bestiary/BMT/Living Portent.webp
bestiary/BMT/Malaxxix.webp
bestiary/BMT/Minotaur Archaeologist.webp
bestiary/BMT/Oddlewin.webp
bestiary/BMT/Otherworldly Corrupter.webp
bestiary/BMT/Pazrodine.webp
bestiary/BMT/Riffler.webp
bestiary/BMT/Ruin Spider.webp
bestiary/BMT/Sir Jared.webp
bestiary/BMT/Solar Bastion Knight.webp
bestiary/BMT/Talon Beast.webp
bestiary/BMT/Veiled Presence.webp
bestiary/BMT/Werevulture.webp
bestiary/CM/Animated Chained Library.webp
bestiary/CM/Arrant Quill.webp
bestiary/CM/Bak Mei.webp
bestiary/CM/Canopic Golem.webp
bestiary/CM/Chwinga.webp
bestiary/CM/Cloud Giant Ghost.webp
bestiary/CM/Constructed Commoner.webp
bestiary/CM/Corrupted Avatar of Lurue.webp
bestiary/CM/Faerl.webp
bestiary/CM/Grippli Warrior.webp
bestiary/CM/Jade Tigress.webp
bestiary/CM/Kiddywidget.webp
bestiary/CM/Lichen Lich.webp
bestiary/CM/Master Sage.webp
bestiary/CM/Miirym.webp
bestiary/CM/Naiad.webp
bestiary/CM/Nintra Siotta.webp
bestiary/CM/Sage.webp
bestiary/CM/Sapphire Sentinel.webp
bestiary/CM/Shemshime.webp
bestiary/CM/Skitterwidget.webp
bestiary/CM/Steel Crane.webp
bestiary/CM/Swarm of Animated Books.webp
bestiary/CM/Valin Sarnaster.webp
bestiary/CM/Zikzokrishka.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Aboleth Spawn.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Alyxian Aboleth.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Alyxian the Absolved.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Alyxian the Callous.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Alyxian the Dispossessed.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Alyxian the Hunter.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Alyxian the Tormented.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Ayo Jabe (Tier 1).webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Ayo Jabe (Tier 3).webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Corrupted Giant Shark.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Death Embrace.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Dermot Wurder (Tier 1).webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Dermot Wurder (Tier 3).webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Galeokaerda.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Galsariad Ardyth (Tier 1).webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Galsariad Ardyth (Tier 3).webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Insight Acuere.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Irvan Wastewalker (Tier 1).webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Irvan Wastewalker (Tier 3).webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Light Devourer.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Maggie Keeneyes (Tier 1).webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Maggie Keeneyes (Tier 3).webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Monastic High Curator.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Monastic Operative.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Occult Extollant.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Occult Initiate.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Ruidium Elephant.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Scholarly Agent.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Scholarly Excavator.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Scholarly Mastermind.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Scuttling Serpentmaw.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Slithering Bloodfin.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Swarm of Sorrowfish.webp
bestiary/CRCotN/Verin Thelyss.webp
bestiary/CoA/Abigor.webp
bestiary/CoA/Aeshma.webp
bestiary/CoA/Affliction Devil (Kocrachon).webp
bestiary/CoA/Anagwendol.webp
bestiary/CoA/Asmodeus.webp
bestiary/CoA/Avatar of Baalzebul.webp
bestiary/CoA/Ayperobo Swarm.webp
bestiary/CoA/Baalzebul.webp
bestiary/CoA/Baalzebul.webp
bestiary/CoA/Barachiel.webp
bestiary/CoA/Belial.webp
bestiary/CoA/Brother Adramalech.webp
bestiary/CoA/Brother Morax.webp
bestiary/CoA/Buer.webp
bestiary/CoA/Corruption Devil (Paeliryon).webp
bestiary/CoA/Dispater.webp
bestiary/CoA/Displacer Fiend.webp
bestiary/CoA/Eriflamme.webp
bestiary/CoA/Fierna.webp
bestiary/CoA/Fire Kraken.webp
bestiary/CoA/Glasya.webp
bestiary/CoA/Halog.webp
bestiary/CoA/Hellcat (Bezekira).webp
bestiary/CoA/Jenevere.webp
bestiary/CoA/Koh Tam.webp
bestiary/CoA/Levistus.webp
bestiary/CoA/Maelephant Nomad.webp
bestiary/CoA/Mammon.webp
bestiary/CoA/Mephistopheles.webp
bestiary/CoA/Mephistopheles.webp
bestiary/CoA/Miasmorne.webp
bestiary/CoA/Oneirovore.webp
bestiary/CoA/Pain Devil (Excruciarch).webp
bestiary/CoA/Ramius.webp
bestiary/CoA/Rimmon.webp
bestiary/CoA/Sarevok.webp
bestiary/CoA/Sarevok.webp
bestiary/CoA/Shredwing.webp
bestiary/CoA/Styx Dragon.webp
bestiary/CoA/Tiax.webp
bestiary/CoA/Vorvolaka.webp
bestiary/CoA/War Devil.webp
bestiary/CoA/Zagum.webp
bestiary/CoA/Zythan.webp
bestiary/CoS/153-636988936829621698.webp
bestiary/CoS/Baba Lysaga's Creeping Hut.webp
bestiary/CoS/Baba Lysaga.webp
bestiary/CoS/Barovian Witch.webp
bestiary/CoS/Ezmerelda d'Avenir.webp
bestiary/CoS/Guardian Portrait.webp
bestiary/CoS/Izek Strazni.webp
bestiary/CoS/Mongrelfolk.webp
bestiary/CoS/Phantom Warrior.webp
bestiary/CoS/Pidlwick II.webp
bestiary/CoS/Rahadin.webp
bestiary/CoS/Rictavio.webp
bestiary/CoS/Strahd's Animated Armor.webp
bestiary/CoS/Tree Blight.webp
bestiary/CoS/Vladimir Horngaard.webp
bestiary/DIP/Anchorite of Talos.webp
bestiary/DIP/Don-Jon Raskin.webp
bestiary/DIP/Falcon the Hunter.webp
bestiary/DIP/Gorthok the Thunder Boar.webp
bestiary/DIP/Rock Gnome Recluse.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Anhkolox.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Aurak Draconian.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Baaz Draconian.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Bozak Draconian.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Caradoc.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Dragon Army Dragonnel.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Dragon Army Soldier.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Fewmaster Gholcag.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Greater Death Dragon.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Istarian Drone.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Kansaldi Fire-Eyes.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Kapak Draconian.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Kender Skirmisher.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Leedara.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Lesser Death Dragon.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Lohezet.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Lord Soth.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Red Ruin.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Sea Elf Scout.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Sivak Draconian.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Skeletal Knight.webp
bestiary/DSotDQ/Wersten Kern.webp
bestiary/DitLCoT/Pech.webp
bestiary/DitLCoT/Pech.webp
bestiary/DoD/Yarnspinner.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Amalgamation.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Animated Delerium Sludge.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Big Linda.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Cavalier.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Chaplain.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Crimson Countess.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Delerium Dreg.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Eldrick Runeweaver.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Entropic Flame.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Eoghan Ghostweaver.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Executioner.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Haze Hulk.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Hedge Mage.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Hypnotic Eldritch Blossom.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Knight-Captain Theodore Marshal.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Living Deep Haze.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Lord Commander Elias Drexel.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Lord of the Feast.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Lucretia Mathias.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Minazorond.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Oscar Yoren.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Pale Man.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Protean Abomination.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Queen of Thieves.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Rat Prince.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Ratling.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Scoundrel.webp
bestiary/DoDk/Urban Ranger.webp
bestiary/DoSI/Merrow Extortionist.webp
bestiary/DoSI/Spore Servant Octopus.webp
bestiary/EGW/Aeorian Absorber.webp
bestiary/EGW/Aeorian Nullifier.webp
bestiary/EGW/Aeorian Reverser.webp
bestiary/EGW/Blood Hunter.webp
bestiary/EGW/Core Spawn Crawler.webp
bestiary/EGW/Core Spawn Emissary.webp
bestiary/EGW/Core Spawn Seer.webp
bestiary/EGW/Core Spawn Worm.webp
bestiary/EGW/Frost Giant Zombie.webp
bestiary/EGW/Frost Worm.webp
bestiary/EGW/Gearkeeper Construct.webp
bestiary/EGW/Gloomstalker.webp
bestiary/EGW/Horizonback Tortoise.webp
bestiary/EGW/Husk Zombie.webp
bestiary/EGW/Merrow Shallowpriest.webp
bestiary/EGW/Moorbounder.webp
bestiary/EGW/Nergaliid.webp
bestiary/EGW/Sahuagin Warlock of Ukotoa.webp
bestiary/EGW/Sea Fury.webp
bestiary/EGW/Shadowghast.webp
bestiary/EGW/Swavain Basilisk.webp
bestiary/EGW/Udaak.webp
bestiary/ERLW/124-4-07.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Belashyrra.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Bone Knight.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Clawfoot.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Dolgaunt.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Dolgrim.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Dusk Hag.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Dyrrn.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Inspired.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Kalashtar.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Karrnathi Undead Soldier.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Lady Illmarrow.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Magewright.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Mordakhesh.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Radiant Idol.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Shifter.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Tarkanan Assassin.webp
bestiary/ERLW/The Lord of Blades.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Warforged Soldier.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Warforged Titan.webp
bestiary/ERLW/Zakya Rakshasa.webp
bestiary/FTD/Adult Amethyst Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Adult Crystal Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Adult Deep Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Adult Emerald Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Adult Moonstone Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Adult Sapphire Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Adult Sapphire Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Adult Topaz Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Amethyst Dragon Wyrmling.webp
bestiary/FTD/Ancient Amethyst Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Ancient Crystal Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Ancient Deep Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Ancient Dragon Turtle.webp
bestiary/FTD/Ancient Emerald Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Ancient Moonstone Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Ancient Sapphire Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Ancient Sea Serpent.webp
bestiary/FTD/Ancient Topaz Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Animated Breath.webp
bestiary/FTD/Aspect of Bahamut.webp
bestiary/FTD/Aspect of Tiamat.webp
bestiary/FTD/Crystal Dragon Wyrmling.webp
bestiary/FTD/Deep Dragon Wyrmling.webp
bestiary/FTD/Dracohydra.webp
bestiary/FTD/Draconian Dreadnought.webp
bestiary/FTD/Draconian Foot Soldier.webp
bestiary/FTD/Draconian Infiltrator.webp
bestiary/FTD/Draconian Mage.webp
bestiary/FTD/Draconian Mastermind.webp
bestiary/FTD/Draconic Shard.webp
bestiary/FTD/Dragon Blessed.webp
bestiary/FTD/Dragon Chosen.webp
bestiary/FTD/Dragon Speaker.webp
bestiary/FTD/Dragonblood Ooze.webp
bestiary/FTD/Dragonbone Golem.webp
bestiary/FTD/Dragonborn of Bahamut.webp
bestiary/FTD/Dragonborn of Sardior.webp
bestiary/FTD/Dragonborn of Tiamat.webp
bestiary/FTD/Dragonflesh Abomination.webp
bestiary/FTD/Dragonflesh Grafter.webp
bestiary/FTD/Dragonnel.webp
bestiary/FTD/Egg Hunter Adult.webp
bestiary/FTD/Egg Hunter Hatchling.webp
bestiary/FTD/Elder Brain Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Emerald Dragon Wyrmling.webp
bestiary/FTD/Eyedrake.webp
bestiary/FTD/Gem Stalker.webp
bestiary/FTD/Ghost Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Hoard Mimic.webp
bestiary/FTD/Hoard Scarab.webp
bestiary/FTD/Hollow Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Liondrake.webp
bestiary/FTD/Metallic Peacekeeper.webp
bestiary/FTD/Metallic Warbler.webp
bestiary/FTD/Moonstone Dragon Wyrmling.webp
bestiary/FTD/Red Greatwyrm.webp
bestiary/FTD/Sapphire Dragon Wyrmling.webp
bestiary/FTD/Sapphire Greatwyrm.webp
bestiary/FTD/Silver Greatwyrm.webp
bestiary/FTD/Swarm of Hoard Scarabs.webp
bestiary/FTD/Topaz Dragon Wyrmling.webp
bestiary/FTD/Young Amethyst Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Young Crystal Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Young Deep Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Young Emerald Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Young Moonstone Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Young Sapphire Dragon.webp
bestiary/FTD/Young Sea Serpent.webp
bestiary/FTD/Young Topaz Dragon.webp
bestiary/GGR/041-228.webp
bestiary/GGR/Anarch.webp
bestiary/GGR/Archon of the Triumvirate.webp
bestiary/GGR/Arclight Phoenix.webp
bestiary/GGR/Aurelia.webp
bestiary/GGR/Battleforce Angel.webp
bestiary/GGR/Biomancer.webp
bestiary/GGR/Blistercoil Weird.webp
bestiary/GGR/Blood Drinker Vampire.webp
bestiary/GGR/Blood Witch.webp
bestiary/GGR/Bloodfray Giant.webp
bestiary/GGR/Borborygmos.webp
bestiary/GGR/Cackler.webp
bestiary/GGR/Category 1 Krasis.webp
bestiary/GGR/Category 2 Krasis.webp
bestiary/GGR/Category 3 Krasis.webp
bestiary/GGR/Conclave Dryad.webp
bestiary/GGR/Counterflux Blastseeker.webp
bestiary/GGR/Deathpact Angel.webp
bestiary/GGR/Devkarin Lich.webp
bestiary/GGR/Druid of the Old Ways.webp
bestiary/GGR/Felidar.webp
bestiary/GGR/Felidar.webp
bestiary/GGR/Firefist.webp
bestiary/GGR/Firemane Angel.webp
bestiary/GGR/Fluxcharger.webp
bestiary/GGR/Flying Horror.webp
bestiary/GGR/Galvanice Weird.webp
bestiary/GGR/Gloamwing.webp
bestiary/GGR/Guardian Giant.webp
bestiary/GGR/Horncaller.webp
bestiary/GGR/Hybrid Flier.webp
bestiary/GGR/Hybrid Shocker.webp
bestiary/GGR/Indentured Spirit.webp
bestiary/GGR/Isperia.webp
bestiary/GGR/Jarad Vod Savo.webp
bestiary/GGR/Kraul Death Priest.webp
bestiary/GGR/Kraul Warrior.webp
bestiary/GGR/Lazav.webp
bestiary/GGR/Master of Cruelties.webp
bestiary/GGR/Mind Drinker Vampire.webp
bestiary/GGR/Nightveil Specter.webp
bestiary/GGR/Niv-Mizzet.webp
bestiary/GGR/Nivix Cyclops.webp
bestiary/GGR/Obzedat Ghost.webp
bestiary/GGR/Orzhov Giant.webp
bestiary/GGR/Precognitive Mage.webp
bestiary/GGR/Rakdos Lampooner.webp
bestiary/GGR/Rakdos Performer.webp
bestiary/GGR/Rakdos.webp
bestiary/GGR/Reckoner.webp
bestiary/GGR/Scorchbringer Guard.webp
bestiary/GGR/Shadow Horror.webp
bestiary/GGR/Sire of Insanity.webp
bestiary/GGR/Skittering Horror.webp
bestiary/GGR/Skyjek Roc.webp
bestiary/GGR/Skyswimmer.webp
bestiary/GGR/Sunder Shaman.webp
bestiary/GGR/Trostani.webp
bestiary/GGR/Undercity Medusa.webp
bestiary/GGR/Winged Thrull.webp
bestiary/GGR/Wurm.webp
bestiary/GGR/Zegana.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Angel of Empyreus.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Avarice Seraph.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Awakened Chapped Brute.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Beast Gnoll.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Bloodbonded.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Bone Trader.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Candlelight Daemon.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Caprathorn.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Corpse Walker.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Corpsejaw.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Dawndrinker.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Doomcaller.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Downcast Mercenary.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Eldritch Herald.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Eldritch Priest.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Elf Vampire (Ancient).webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Empyrean Brazen Bull.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Eye Crawler.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Eye Crow.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Faevlin.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Fzeg.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Gegazol.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Gluttony Seraph.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Harvester of Lies.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Horror Flit Hunter.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Hourglass Widow.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Hraptnon.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Infernal Tormentor.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Ithjar.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Knifewing.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Lenchtahg.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Lich Troll.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Lindwyrm.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Lupilisk Whelp.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Lupilisk.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Malikirian Imp.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Mjork Asher.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Mjork Burner.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Mjork Charger.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Mjork Sootling Swarm.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Mold Spider.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Morbus Kobold.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Oozing Vulture.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Ordeal Tree.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Panjaian Ilharan.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Scream Thief.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Sea Drake.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Shadowsteel Ghast.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Shadowsteel Ghoul.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Shatter Corpse.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Shieldhead.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Sitri Cat.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Skeleton Rifler.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Skinweaver.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Sky Drake.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Sloth Galloper.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Torcheater.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Vitebriate.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Werebear Ascetic.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Werewolf Ravager.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Xakalonus.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Young Blightscale Dragon.webp
bestiary/GHLoE/Zombie Troll.webp
bestiary/GoS/Drowned One.webp
bestiary/GoS/Drowned One.webp
bestiary/GoS/Drowned One.webp
bestiary/GoS/Drowned One.webp
bestiary/GoS/Juvenile Kraken.webp
bestiary/GoS/Koalinth Sergeant.webp
bestiary/GoS/Koalinth.webp
bestiary/GoS/Lizardfolk Render.webp
bestiary/GoS/Locathah.webp
bestiary/GoS/Locathah.webp
bestiary/GoS/Monstrous Peryton.webp
bestiary/GoS/Mr. Dory.webp
bestiary/GoS/Skeletal Alchemist.webp
bestiary/GoS/Skum.webp
bestiary/GoS/Thousand Teeth.webp
bestiary/HAT-TG/Doric.webp
bestiary/HAT-TG/Edgin Darvis.webp
bestiary/HAT-TG/Forge Fitzwilliam.webp
bestiary/HAT-TG/Holga Kilgore.webp
bestiary/HAT-TG/Simon Aumar.webp
bestiary/HAT-TG/Sofina.webp
bestiary/HAT-TG/Xenk Yendar.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Ardwyn.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Ashsnake.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Aspect-of-Fire.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Birdfolk-Dockmaster.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Birdfolk-Farmer.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Birdfolk-Guard.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Birdfolk-Militia.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Birdfolk-Militia.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Birdfolk-Sailor.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Birdfolk-Skeleton.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Birdfolk-Skirmisher.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Bita.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Caustic-Slime.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Cervan-Bandit-General.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Cervan-Bandit-General.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Cervan-Priest.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Cinder-Tree.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Cobblefright.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Corvum-Assassin.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Corvum-Diviner.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Corvum-Diviner.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Corvum-Necromancer.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Corvum-Necromancer.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Eliza-Pennygleam.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Emberbat.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Emberbat.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Forest-Prowler.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Gallus-Druid.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Gallus-Monk.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Gallus-Necromancer.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Gallus-Necromancer.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Havel.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Hedge-Bard.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Hedge-Witch.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Hedge-Witch.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Jerbeen-Swashbuckler.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Jerbeen-Thief.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Lesser-Demon.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Luma-Cleric-of-Ardea.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Luma-Wizard.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Luma-Wizard.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Mapach-Bandit.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Mapach-Brute.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Mapach-Brute.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Mapach-Tinkerer.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Mordane-Swiftgale.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Mountain-Lion.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Raptor-Explorer.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Raptor-Ranger.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Shifting-Slime.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Sticky-Slime.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Strig-Knight.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Strig-Knight.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Strig-Tracker.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Tevor.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Vulpin-Captain.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Vulpin-Captain.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Vulpin-Noble.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Vulpin-Priest-of-Kren.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Vulpin-Priest-of-Kren.webp
bestiary/HWCS/Wakewyrm.webp
bestiary/HftT/Demogorgon.webp
bestiary/HftT/Demogorgon.webp
bestiary/HftT/Demogorgon.webp
bestiary/HftT/Thessalhydra.webp
bestiary/HotDQ/Ambush Drake.webp
bestiary/HotDQ/Azbara Jos.webp
bestiary/HotDQ/Blagothkus.webp
bestiary/HotDQ/Captain Othelstan.webp
bestiary/HotDQ/Dragonclaw.webp
bestiary/HotDQ/Dralmorrer Borngray.webp
bestiary/HotDQ/Frulam Mondath.webp
bestiary/HotDQ/Jamna Gleamsilver.webp
bestiary/HotDQ/Langdedrosa Cyanwrath.webp
bestiary/HotDQ/Pharblex Spattergoo.webp
bestiary/HotDQ/Rath Modar.webp
bestiary/HotDQ/Rezmir.webp
bestiary/HotDQ/Talis the White.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Avarice.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Awakened White Moose.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Bjornhild Solvigsdottir.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Chardalyn Berserker.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Chardalyn Dragon.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Coldlight Walker.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Demos Magen.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Dzaans Simulacrum.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Fox.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Frost Druid.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Frost Giant Skeleton.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Galvan Magen.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Giant Walrus.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Gnoll Vampire.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Gnome Ceremorph.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Gnome Squidling.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Goliath Warrior.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Goliath Werebear.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Grandolpha Muzgardt.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Hare.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Hypnos Magen.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Ice Troll.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Icewind Kobold.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Kingsport.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Knucklehead Trout.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Kobold Vampire Spawn.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Living Bigbys Hand.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Living Blade of Disaster.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Living Demiplane.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Mountain Goat.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Nass Lantomirs Ghost.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Prisoner 237.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Seal.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Sephek Kaltro.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Snow Golem.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Spellix Romwod.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Sperm Whale.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Spitting Mimic.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Tomb Tapper.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Vellynne Harpell.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Verbeeg Marauder.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Xardorok Sunblight.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Yeti Tyke.webp
bestiary/IDRotF/Yeti Tyke.webp
bestiary/IMR/Moghadam.webp
bestiary/IMR/Neo-Otyugh.webp
bestiary/IMR/The Demogorgon.webp
bestiary/IMR/Thessalar.webp
bestiary/IMR/Thessalheart Construct.webp
bestiary/IMR/Two-Headed Owlbear.webp
bestiary/JttRC/Aurumvorax Den Leader.webp
bestiary/JttRC/Bakunawa.webp
bestiary/JttRC/Haint.webp
bestiary/JttRC/Pari.webp
bestiary/JttRC/Riverine.webp
bestiary/JttRC/Soul Shaker.webp
bestiary/JttRC/Tlacatecolo.webp
bestiary/JttRC/Tlexolotl.webp
bestiary/JttRC/Whistler.webp
bestiary/JttRC/Wynling.webp
bestiary/KKW/109-429.webp
bestiary/KKW/Loading Rig.webp
bestiary/KftGV/Fragment of Krokulmar.webp
bestiary/KftGV/Markos Delphi.webp
bestiary/KftGV/Prisoner 13.webp
bestiary/KftGV/Sythian Skalderang.webp
bestiary/KftGV/Tixie Tockworth.webp
bestiary/LLK/Garret Levistusson.webp
bestiary/LLK/Mary Greymalkin.webp
bestiary/LMoP/Mormesk the Wraith.webp
bestiary/LMoP/Nezznar the Black Spider.webp
bestiary/LR/Gar Shatterkeel.webp
bestiary/LR/Gar Shatterkeel.webp
bestiary/LR/Young Kraken.webp
bestiary/LRDT/Alax Jadescales.webp
bestiary/LRDT/Ervan Soulfallen.webp
bestiary/LoX/Astral Blight.webp
bestiary/MCV1SC/Asteroid Spider.webp
bestiary/MCV1SC/Clockwork Horror.webp
bestiary/MCV1SC/Eldritch Lich.webp
bestiary/MCV1SC/Fractine.webp
bestiary/MCV1SC/Gadabout.webp
bestiary/MCV1SC/Goon Balloon.webp
bestiary/MCV1SC/Nightmare Beast.webp
bestiary/MCV1SC/Puppeteer Parasite.webp
bestiary/MCV1SC/Star Lancer.webp
bestiary/MCV1SC/Yggdrasti.webp
bestiary/MCV2DC/Dream Eater.webp
bestiary/MCV2DC/Dream Eater.webp
bestiary/MCV2DC/Ember.webp
bestiary/MCV2DC/Forest Master.webp
bestiary/MCV2DC/Foresworn.webp
bestiary/MCV2DC/Irda Seeker.webp
bestiary/MCV2DC/Irda Veil Keeper.webp
bestiary/MCV2DC/Nevermind Gnome Inventor.webp
bestiary/MCV2DC/Nevermind Gnome Mastermind.webp
bestiary/MCV2DC/Thanoi Hunter.webp
bestiary/MCV2DC/Traag Draconian.webp
bestiary/MCV2DC/Verminaard.webp
bestiary/MCV3MC/Blaze.webp
bestiary/MCV3MC/Creeper.webp
bestiary/MCV3MC/Ender Dragon.webp
bestiary/MCV3MC/Enderman.webp
bestiary/MCV3MC/Wolf of the Overworld.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Archon of Boundaries.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Beanstalk Wurm.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Deathless Rider.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Dunbarrow Witch.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Faerie Borrower.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Faerie Pathlighter.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Faerie Pest.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Gingerbrute.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Goose Mother.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/High Fae Impostor.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/High Fae Kindguard.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/High Fae Mage.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/High Fae Noble.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Knight of Eldraine.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Nightmare Haunt.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Ogre Chitterlord.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Redtooth Werefox.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Sewer King.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Snapping Hydra.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Specter of Night.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Sweettooth Horror.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Tempest Hart.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Treefolk.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Witchkite.webp
bestiary/MCV4EC/Witchstalker.webp
bestiary/MFF/Assassin Bug.webp
bestiary/MFF/Blindheim.webp
bestiary/MFF/Crab Folk.webp
bestiary/MFF/Dire Corby.webp
bestiary/MFF/Eye of Fear and Flame.webp
bestiary/MFF/Fog Giant.webp
bestiary/MFF/Forlarren.webp
bestiary/MFF/Jermlaine.webp
bestiary/MFF/Khargra.webp
bestiary/MFF/Killmoulis.webp
bestiary/MFF/Mite.webp
bestiary/MFF/Needle Spawn.webp
bestiary/MFF/Norker.webp
bestiary/MFF/Screaming Devilkin.webp
bestiary/MFF/Xill.webp
bestiary/MFF/Ygorl, Lord of Entropy.webp
bestiary/MGELFT/Dankwood Duergar.webp
bestiary/MGELFT/Dankwood Grung.webp
bestiary/MGELFT/Sludge Hag.webp
bestiary/MGELFT/Spiderfrog.webp
bestiary/MM/Aarakocra.webp
bestiary/MM/Aboleth.webp
bestiary/MM/Adult Blue Dragon.webp
bestiary/MM/Adult Red Dragon.webp
bestiary/MM/Ancient Blue Dragon.webp
bestiary/MM/Androsphinx.webp
bestiary/MM/Animated Armor.webp
bestiary/MM/Ankheg.webp
bestiary/MM/Archmage.webp
bestiary/MM/Assassin.webp
bestiary/MM/Azer.webp
bestiary/MM/Badger.webp
bestiary/MM/Bandit Captain.webp
bestiary/MM/Banshee.webp
bestiary/MM/Basilisk.webp
bestiary/MM/Bat.webp
bestiary/MM/Behir.webp
bestiary/MM/Beholder Zombie.webp
bestiary/MM/Beholder.webp
bestiary/MM/Black Dragon Wyrmling.webp
bestiary/MM/Black Pudding.webp
bestiary/MM/Blink Dog.webp
bestiary/MM/Blue Dracolich.webp
bestiary/MM/Blue Dragon Wyrmling.webp
bestiary/MM/Bronze Dragon Wyrmling.webp
bestiary/MM/Bugbear.webp
bestiary/MM/Bulette.webp
bestiary/MM/Bullywug.webp
bestiary/MM/Cambion.webp
bestiary/MM/Carrion Crawler.webp
bestiary/MM/Centaur.webp
bestiary/MM/Chimera.webp
bestiary/MM/Chuul.webp
bestiary/MM/Clay Golem.webp
bestiary/MM/Cloaker.webp
bestiary/MM/Cockatrice.webp
bestiary/MM/Couatl.webp
bestiary/MM/Crawling Claw.webp
bestiary/MM/Cult Fanatic.webp
bestiary/MM/Cultist.webp
bestiary/MM/Cyclops.webp
bestiary/MM/Dao.webp
bestiary/MM/Darkmantle.webp
bestiary/MM/Death Dog.webp
bestiary/MM/Death Knight.webp
bestiary/MM/Death Tyrant.webp
bestiary/MM/Deep Gnome (Svirfneblin).webp
bestiary/MM/Demilich.webp
bestiary/MM/Deva.webp
bestiary/MM/Dinosaurs.webp
bestiary/MM/Dinosaurs.webp
bestiary/MM/Dinosaurs.webp
bestiary/MM/Dinosaurs.webp
bestiary/MM/Dire Wolf.webp
bestiary/MM/Displacer Beast.webp
bestiary/MM/Djinni.webp
bestiary/MM/Doppelganger.webp
bestiary/MM/Dragon Turtle.webp
bestiary/MM/Drider.webp
bestiary/MM/Drow Mage.webp
bestiary/MM/Drow.webp
bestiary/MM/Druid.webp
bestiary/MM/Dryad.webp
bestiary/MM/Duergar.webp
bestiary/MM/Duodrone.webp
bestiary/MM/Eagle.webp
bestiary/MM/Efreeti.webp
bestiary/MM/Empyrean.webp
bestiary/MM/Ettercap.webp
bestiary/MM/Ettin.webp
bestiary/MM/Fire Snake.webp
bestiary/MM/Flameskull.webp
bestiary/MM/Flesh Golem.webp
bestiary/MM/Flumph.webp
bestiary/MM/Flying Snake.webp
bestiary/MM/Flying Sword.webp
bestiary/MM/Fomorian.webp
bestiary/MM/Frog.webp
bestiary/MM/Galeb Duhr.webp
bestiary/MM/Gargoyle.webp
bestiary/MM/Gas Spore.webp
bestiary/MM/Gelatinous Cube.webp
bestiary/MM/Ghast.webp
bestiary/MM/Ghost.webp
bestiary/MM/Ghoul.webp
bestiary/MM/Giant Badger.webp
bestiary/MM/Giant Eagle.webp
bestiary/MM/Giant Fire Beetle.webp
bestiary/MM/Giant Frog.webp
bestiary/MM/Giant Octopus.webp
bestiary/MM/Giant Owl.webp
bestiary/MM/Giant Rat.webp
bestiary/MM/Giant Spider.webp
bestiary/MM/Gibbering Mouther.webp
bestiary/MM/Gnoll Fang of Yeenoghu.webp
bestiary/MM/Gnoll.webp
bestiary/MM/Gnoll.webp
bestiary/MM/Goblin.webp
bestiary/MM/Gorgon.webp
bestiary/MM/Gray Ooze.webp
bestiary/MM/Grell.webp
bestiary/MM/Grick.webp
bestiary/MM/Griffon.webp
bestiary/MM/Grimlock.webp
bestiary/MM/Guardian Naga.webp
bestiary/MM/Gynosphinx.webp
bestiary/MM/Half-Ogre (Ogrillon).webp
bestiary/MM/Half-Red Dragon Veteran.webp
bestiary/MM/Harpy.webp
bestiary/MM/Hawk.webp
bestiary/MM/Hell Hound.webp
bestiary/MM/Helmed Horror.webp
bestiary/MM/Hippogriff.webp
bestiary/MM/Hobgoblin.webp
bestiary/MM/Homunculus.webp
bestiary/MM/Hook Horror.webp
bestiary/MM/Hydra.webp
bestiary/MM/Hyena.webp
bestiary/MM/Incubus.webp
bestiary/MM/Intellect Devourer.webp
bestiary/MM/Invisible Stalker.webp
bestiary/MM/Iron Golem.webp
bestiary/MM/Jackalwere.webp
bestiary/MM/Kenku.webp
bestiary/MM/Kobold.webp
bestiary/MM/Kraken.webp
bestiary/MM/Kraken.webp
bestiary/MM/Kuo-toa Archpriest.webp
bestiary/MM/Kuo-toa Whip.webp
bestiary/MM/Kuo-toa.webp
bestiary/MM/Lamia.webp
bestiary/MM/Lich.webp
bestiary/MM/Lizardfolk.webp
bestiary/MM/Magmin.webp
bestiary/MM/Manticore.webp
bestiary/MM/Marid.webp
bestiary/MM/Mastiff.webp
bestiary/MM/Medusa.webp
bestiary/MM/Merfolk.webp
bestiary/MM/Merrow.webp
bestiary/MM/Mimic.webp
bestiary/MM/Mind Flayer.webp
bestiary/MM/Minotaur Skeleton.webp
bestiary/MM/Minotaur.webp
bestiary/MM/Monodrone.webp
bestiary/MM/Mummy.webp
bestiary/MM/Needle Blight.webp
bestiary/MM/Nightmare.webp
bestiary/MM/Noble.webp
bestiary/MM/Nothic.webp
bestiary/MM/Ochre Jelly.webp
bestiary/MM/Octopus.webp
bestiary/MM/Ogre Zombie.webp
bestiary/MM/Ogre.webp
bestiary/MM/Oni.webp
bestiary/MM/Orc.webp
bestiary/MM/Orog.webp
bestiary/MM/Otyugh.webp
bestiary/MM/Owlbear.webp
bestiary/MM/Pegasus.webp
bestiary/MM/Pentadrone.webp
bestiary/MM/Peryton.webp
bestiary/MM/Phase Spider.webp
bestiary/MM/Piercer.webp
bestiary/MM/Pixie.webp
bestiary/MM/Planetar.webp
bestiary/MM/Plesiosaurus.webp
bestiary/MM/Pseudodragon.webp
bestiary/MM/Purple Worm.webp
bestiary/MM/Quadrone.webp
bestiary/MM/Quaggoth.webp
bestiary/MM/Quipper.webp
bestiary/MM/Quipper.webp
bestiary/MM/Rakshasa.webp
bestiary/MM/Rat.webp
bestiary/MM/Raven.webp
bestiary/MM/Remorhaz.webp
bestiary/MM/Revenant.webp
bestiary/MM/Riding Horse.webp
bestiary/MM/Roc.webp
bestiary/MM/Roper.webp
bestiary/MM/Rug of Smothering.webp
bestiary/MM/Rust Monster.webp
bestiary/MM/Sahuagin Baron.webp
bestiary/MM/Sahuagin.webp
bestiary/MM/Salamander.webp
bestiary/MM/Satyr.webp
bestiary/MM/Scarecrow.webp
bestiary/MM/Scout.webp
bestiary/MM/Shadow.webp
bestiary/MM/Shambling Mound.webp
bestiary/MM/Shield Guardian.webp
bestiary/MM/Shrieker.webp
bestiary/MM/Skeleton.webp
bestiary/MM/Solar.webp
bestiary/MM/Spectator.webp
bestiary/MM/Specter.webp
bestiary/MM/Spider.webp
bestiary/MM/Spirit Naga.webp
bestiary/MM/Sprite.webp
bestiary/MM/Spy.webp
bestiary/MM/Stirge.webp
bestiary/MM/Stone Golem.webp
bestiary/MM/Succubus.webp
bestiary/MM/Swarm of Bats.webp
bestiary/MM/Swarm of Rats.webp
bestiary/MM/Swarm of Ravens.webp
bestiary/MM/Tarrasque.webp
bestiary/MM/Thri-kreen.webp
bestiary/MM/Thug.webp
bestiary/MM/Treant.webp
bestiary/MM/Tridrone.webp
bestiary/MM/Troglodyte.webp
bestiary/MM/Troll.webp
bestiary/MM/Twig Blight.webp
bestiary/MM/Tyrannosaurus Rex.webp
bestiary/MM/Umber Hulk.webp
bestiary/MM/Unicorn.webp
bestiary/MM/Vampire Spawn.webp
bestiary/MM/Vampire.webp
bestiary/MM/Vine Blight.webp
bestiary/MM/Water Weird.webp
bestiary/MM/Wight.webp
bestiary/MM/Will-o'-Wisp.webp
bestiary/MM/Winter Wolf.webp
bestiary/MM/Wolf.webp
bestiary/MM/Worg.webp
bestiary/MM/Wraith.webp
bestiary/MM/Wyvern.webp
bestiary/MM/Xorn.webp
bestiary/MM/Yeti.webp
bestiary/MM/Young Blue Dragon.webp
bestiary/MM/Yuan-ti Abomination.webp
bestiary/MM/Yuan-ti Pureblood.webp
bestiary/MM/Zombie.webp
bestiary/MOT/Abhorrent Overlord.webp
bestiary/MOT/Alseid.webp
bestiary/MOT/Alseid.webp
bestiary/MOT/Anvilwrought Raptor.webp
bestiary/MOT/Aphemia.webp
bestiary/MOT/Arasta.webp
bestiary/MOT/Archon of Falling Stars.webp
bestiary/MOT/Ashen Rider.webp
bestiary/MOT/Blood-Toll Harpy.webp
bestiary/MOT/Bronze Sable.webp
bestiary/MOT/Colossus of Akros.webp
bestiary/MOT/Doomwake Giant.webp
bestiary/MOT/Eater of Hope.webp
bestiary/MOT/Fleecemane Lion.webp
bestiary/MOT/Ghostblade Eidolon.webp
bestiary/MOT/Gold-Forged Sentinel.webp
bestiary/MOT/Hippocamp.webp
bestiary/MOT/Hundred-Handed One.webp
bestiary/MOT/Hythonia.webp
bestiary/MOT/Ironscale Hydra.webp
bestiary/MOT/Lampad.webp
bestiary/MOT/Leonin Iconoclast.webp
bestiary/MOT/Nightmare Shepherd.webp
bestiary/MOT/Nyx-Fleece Ram.webp
bestiary/MOT/Oracle.webp
bestiary/MOT/Oread.webp
bestiary/MOT/Phylaskia.webp
bestiary/MOT/Satyr Reveler.webp
bestiary/MOT/Satyr Thornbearer.webp
bestiary/MOT/Theran Chimera.webp
bestiary/MOT/Triton Master of Waves.webp
bestiary/MOT/Triton Shorestalker.webp
bestiary/MOT/Tromokratis.webp
bestiary/MOT/Two-Headed Cerberus.webp
bestiary/MOT/Typhon.webp
bestiary/MOT/Underworld Cerberus.webp
bestiary/MOT/Woe Strider.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Abjurer Wizard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Adult Kruthik.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Adult Kruthik.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Adult Oblex.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Adult Oblex.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Air Elemental Myrmidon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Air Elemental Myrmidon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Alhoon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Alhoon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Alkilith.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Alkilith.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Allip.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Allip.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Amnizu.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Amnizu.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Angry Sorrowsworn.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Annis Hag.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Annis Hag.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Apprentice Wizard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Apprentice Wizard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Archdruid.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Archdruid.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Archer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Archer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Armanite.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Armanite.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Astral Dreadnought.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Astral Dreadnought.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Aurochs.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Aurochs.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Autumn Eladrin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Autumn Eladrin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Babau.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Babau.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Bael.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Bael.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Balhannoth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Balhannoth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Banderhobb.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Banderhobb.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Baphomet.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Baphomet.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Bard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Bard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Barghest.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Barghest.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Berbalang.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Berbalang.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Bheur Hag.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Bheur Hag.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Black Abishai.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Black Abishai.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Blackguard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Blackguard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Blue Abishai.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Blue Abishai.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Bodak.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Bodak.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Boggle.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Boggle.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Boneclaw.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Boneclaw.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Bulezau.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Bulezau.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Cadaver Collector.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Cadaver Collector.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Canoloth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Canoloth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Catoblepas.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Catoblepas.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Cave Fisher.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Cave Fisher.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Champion.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Champion.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Chitine.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Chitine.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Choker.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Choker.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Choldrith.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Choldrith.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Clockwork Bronze Scout.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Clockwork Iron Cobra.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Clockwork Oaken Bolter.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Clockwork Stone Defender.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Cloud Giant Smiling One.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Cloud Giant Smiling One.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Conjurer Wizard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Corpse Flower.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Corpse Flower.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Darkling Elder.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Darkling Elder.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Darkling.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Darkling.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Death Kiss.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Death Kiss.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Deathlock Mastermind.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Deathlock Mastermind.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Deathlock Wight.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Deathlock Wight.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Deathlock.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Deathlock.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Deep Rothe.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Deep Rothe.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Deep Scion.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Deep Scion.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Derro Savant.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Derro Savant.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Derro Savant.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Devourer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Devourer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Dhergoloth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Dhergoloth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Dire Troll.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Dire Troll.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Diviner Wizard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Dolphin Delighter.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Dolphin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Dolphin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Draegloth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Draegloth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Drow Arachnomancer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Drow Arachnomancer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Drow Favored Consort.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Drow Favored Consort.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Drow House Captain.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Drow House Captain.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Drow Inquisitor.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Drow Inquisitor.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Drow Matron Mother.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Drow Matron Mother.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Drow Shadowblade.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Drow Shadowblade.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Duergar Hammerer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Duergar Hammerer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Duergar Mind Master.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Duergar Mind Master.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Duergar Soulblade.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Duergar Soulblade.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Duergar Stone Guard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Duergar Stone Guard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Duergar Warlord.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Duergar Warlord.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Duergar Xarrorn.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Duergar Xarrorn.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Dybbuk.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Dybbuk.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Earth Elemental Myrmidon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Earth Elemental Myrmidon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Elder Brain.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Elder Brain.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Elder Oblex.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Elder Oblex.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Elder Tempest.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Elder Tempest.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Evoker Wizard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Female Steeder.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Female Steeder.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Fire Elemental Myrmidon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Fire Elemental Myrmidon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Fire Giant Dreadnought.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Fire Giant Dreadnought.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Firenewt Warrior.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Firenewt Warrior.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Flail Snail.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Flail Snail.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Flind.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Flind.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Fraz-Urbluu.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Fraz-Urbluu.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Froghemoth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Froghemoth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Frost Giant Everlasting One.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Frost Giant Everlasting One.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Frost Salamander.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Frost Salamander.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Gauth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Gauth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Gazer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Gazer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Geryon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Geryon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Giant Strider.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Giant Strider.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Giff.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Giff.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Girallon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Girallon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Githyanki Gish.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Githyanki Gish.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Githyanki Kithrak.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Githyanki Kithrak.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Githyanki Supreme Commander.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Githyanki Supreme Commander.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Githzerai Anarch.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Githzerai Anarch.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Githzerai Enlightened.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Githzerai Enlightened.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Gnoll Flesh Gnawer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Gnoll Flesh Gnawer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Gnoll Witherling.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Gnoll Witherling.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Gray Render.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Gray Render.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Grazzt.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Grazzt.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Green Abishai.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Green Abishai.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Guard Drake.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Guard Drake.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Hellfire Engine.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Hellfire Engine.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Hobgoblin Devastator.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Hobgoblin Devastator.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Hobgoblin Iron Shadow.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Hobgoblin Iron Shadow.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Howler.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Howler.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Hungry Sorrowsworn.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Hutijin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Hutijin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Hydroloth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Hydroloth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Illusionist Wizard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Juiblex.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Juiblex.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Ki-rin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Ki-rin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Kobold Dragonshield.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Kobold Dragonshield.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Kobold Inventor.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Kobold Inventor.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Kobold Scale Sorcerer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Kobold Scale Sorcerer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Korred.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Korred.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Kraken Priest.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Kraken Priest.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Kruthik Hive Lord.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Kruthik Hive Lord.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Leucrotta.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Leucrotta.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Leviathan.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Leviathan.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Lonely Sorrowsworn.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Lost Sorrowsworn.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Martial Arts Adept.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Martial Arts Adept.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Marut.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Marut.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Master Thief.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Master Thief.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Maurezhi.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Maurezhi.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Maw Demon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Maw Demon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Meazel.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Meazel.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Meenlock.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Meenlock.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Merregon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Merregon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Merrenoloth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Merrenoloth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Mindwitness.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Mindwitness.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Moloch.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Moloch.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Molydeus.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Molydeus.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Morkoth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Morkoth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Mouth of Grolantor.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Mouth of Grolantor.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Nabassu.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Nabassu.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Nagpa.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Nagpa.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Narzugon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Narzugon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Necromancer Wizard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Neogi Hatchling.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Neogi Hatchling.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Neogi.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Neogi.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Neothelid.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Neothelid.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Nightwalker.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Nightwalker.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Nilbog.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Nilbog.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Nupperibo.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Nupperibo.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Oblex Spawn.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Oblex Spawn.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Ogre Battering Ram.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Ogre Battering Ram.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Ogre Howdah.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Ogre Howdah.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Oinoloth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Oinoloth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Orcus.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Orcus.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Orthon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Orthon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Phoenix.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Phoenix.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Quickling.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Quickling.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Red Abishai.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Red Abishai.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Redcap.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Redcap.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Redcap.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Retriever.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Retriever.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Rot Troll.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Rot Troll.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Rutterkin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Rutterkin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Sacred Statue.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Sacred Statue.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Sea Spawn.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Sea Spawn.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Shadar-kai Gloom Weaver.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Shadar-kai Shadow Dancer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Shadar-kai Soul Monger.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Shadow Mastiff.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Shadow Mastiff.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Shoosuva.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Shoosuva.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Sibriex.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Sibriex.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Skulk.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Skulk.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Skull Lord.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Skull Lord.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Slithering Tracker.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Slithering Tracker.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Spawn of Kyuss.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Spawn of Kyuss.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Spirit Troll.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Spirit Troll.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Spring Eladrin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Spring Eladrin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Star Spawn Grue.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Star Spawn Grue.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Star Spawn Hulk.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Star Spawn Hulk.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Star Spawn Larva Mage.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Star Spawn Larva Mage.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Star Spawn Mangler.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Star Spawn Mangler.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Star Spawn Seer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Star Spawn Seer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Steel Predator.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Steel Predator.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Stegosaurus.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Stegosaurus.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Stone Cursed.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Stone Cursed.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Stone Giant Dreamwalker.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Stone Giant Dreamwalker.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Storm Giant Quintessent.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Storm Giant Quintessent.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Summer Eladrin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Summer Eladrin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Swarm of Cranium Rats.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Swarm of Cranium Rats.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Swarm of Rot Grubs.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Swarm of Rot Grubs.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Swashbuckler.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Swashbuckler.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Sword Wraith Warrior.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Sword Wraith Warrior.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Tanarukk.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Tanarukk.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Thorny Vegepygmy.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Titivilus.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Titivilus.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Tlincalli.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Tlincalli.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Tortle.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Tortle.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Transmuter Wizard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Trapper.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Trapper.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Ulitharid.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Ulitharid.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Vampiric Mist.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Vampiric Mist.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Vargouille.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Vargouille.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Vegepygmy Chief.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Vegepygmy Chief.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Venom Troll.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Venom Troll.webp
bestiary/MPMM/War Priest.webp
bestiary/MPMM/War Priest.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Warlock of the Great Old One.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Warlock of the Great Old One.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Warlord.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Warlord.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Wastrilith.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Wastrilith.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Water Elemental Myrmidon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Water Elemental Myrmidon.webp
bestiary/MPMM/White Abishai.webp
bestiary/MPMM/White Abishai.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Winter Eladrin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Winter Eladrin.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Wood Woad.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Wood Woad.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Wretched Sorrowsworn.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Xvart.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Xvart.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yagnoloth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yagnoloth.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yeenoghu.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yeenoghu.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yeth Hound.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yeth Hound.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Young Kruthik.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Young Kruthik.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yuan-ti Anathema.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yuan-ti Anathema.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yuan-ti Broodguard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yuan-ti Broodguard.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yuan-ti Mind Whisperer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yuan-ti Mind Whisperer.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yuan-ti Nightmare Speaker.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yuan-ti Nightmare Speaker.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yuan-ti Pit Master.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Yuan-ti Pit Master.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Zaratan.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Zaratan.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Zuggtmoy.webp
bestiary/MPMM/Zuggtmoy.webp
bestiary/MPP/Adult Time Dragon.webp
bestiary/MPP/Ancient Time Dragon.webp
bestiary/MPP/Athar Null.webp
bestiary/MPP/Aurumach Rilmani.webp
bestiary/MPP/Avoral Guardinal.webp
bestiary/MPP/Baernaloth.webp
bestiary/MPP/Bariaur Wanderer.webp
bestiary/MPP/Bleak Cabal Void Soother.webp
bestiary/MPP/Cranium Rat Squeaker Swarm.webp
bestiary/MPP/Cranium Rat Squeaker.webp
bestiary/MPP/Cuprilach Rilmani.webp
bestiary/MPP/Dabus.webp
bestiary/MPP/Darkweaver.webp
bestiary/MPP/Doomguard Doom Lord.webp
bestiary/MPP/Doomguard Rot Blade.webp
bestiary/MPP/Eater of Knowledge.webp
bestiary/MPP/Equinal Guardinal.webp
bestiary/MPP/Farastu Demodand.webp
bestiary/MPP/Fated Shaker.webp
bestiary/MPP/Ferrumach Rilmani.webp
bestiary/MPP/Fraternity of Order Law Bender.webp
bestiary/MPP/Githzerai Futurist.webp
bestiary/MPP/Githzerai Traveler.webp
bestiary/MPP/Githzerai Uniter.webp
bestiary/MPP/Hands of Havoc Fire Starter.webp
bestiary/MPP/Harmonium Captain.webp
bestiary/MPP/Harmonium Peacekeeper.webp
bestiary/MPP/Heralds of Dust Remnant.webp
bestiary/MPP/Hound Archon.webp
bestiary/MPP/Kelubar Demodand.webp
bestiary/MPP/Kolyarut.webp
bestiary/MPP/Lantern Archon.webp
bestiary/MPP/Maelephant.webp
bestiary/MPP/Mercykiller Bloodhound.webp
bestiary/MPP/Minds Eye Matter Smith.webp
bestiary/MPP/Musteval Guardinal.webp
bestiary/MPP/Planar Incarnate (Celestial Form).webp
bestiary/MPP/Razorvine Blight.webp
bestiary/MPP/Shator Demodand.webp
bestiary/MPP/Shemeshka.webp
bestiary/MPP/Society of Sensation Muse.webp
bestiary/MPP/Sunfly.webp
bestiary/MPP/Swarm of Sunflies.webp
bestiary/MPP/Time Dragon Wyrmling.webp
bestiary/MPP/Transcendent Order Conduit.webp
bestiary/MPP/Transcendent Order Instinct.webp
bestiary/MPP/Vargouille Reflection.webp
bestiary/MPP/Warden Archon.webp
bestiary/MTF/Gloom Weaver.webp
bestiary/MTF/Shadow Dancer.webp
bestiary/MTF/Soul Monger.webp
bestiary/MTF/The Angry.webp
bestiary/MTF/The Hungry.webp
bestiary/MTF/The Lonely.webp
bestiary/MTF/The Lost.webp
bestiary/MTF/The Wretched.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Achaierai.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Aribeth de Tylmarande.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Bebilith.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Bodhi Irenicus.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Borivik Windheim.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Cornelius Watson.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Cryonax.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Dagryn.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Darien.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Dread Doppelganger.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Edwin Odesseiron.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Eo Ashmajiir.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Faldorn.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Flimp Shagglecran.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Gibberling.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Gibberling.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Hamadryad.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Imoen.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Jaheira.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Jon Irenicus.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Kagain.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Kivan.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Lothar.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Minsc and Boo!.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Montaron and the Laughing Skull.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Naes Inuus.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Nauk.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Pazuzu.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Pelyious Avhoste.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Phaerimm.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Saemon Havarian.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Sirene.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Skeleton Warrior.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Ssendam, Lord of Madness.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Suldil Baldoriel.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Sword Spider.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Tasloi.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Tiberius Inuus.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Valygar.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Vellin Farstride.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Viconia DeVir.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Viktor.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Wolfwere.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Xan Moonblade.webp
bestiary/MaBJoV/Xzar the Chaos Clone.webp
bestiary/MisMV1/Coral.webp
bestiary/MisMV1/Dandylion.webp
bestiary/MisMV1/Rain.webp
bestiary/MisMV1/Scrapper.webp
bestiary/MisMV1/Seth the Shapeshifting Dragon.webp
bestiary/MisMV1/Sheldon the Blueberry Dragon.webp
bestiary/OotA/Deepking Horgar Steelshadow V.webp
bestiary/OotA/Droki.webp
bestiary/OotA/Ixitxachitl.webp
bestiary/OotA/The Pudding King.webp
bestiary/PSA/Criosphinx.webp
bestiary/PSA/Manticore, Heart-Piercer.webp
bestiary/PSA/Serpopard.webp
bestiary/PSA/Serpopard.webp
bestiary/PSD/Homarid.webp
bestiary/PSD/Kavu Predator.webp
bestiary/PSD/Steel Leaf Kavu.webp
bestiary/PSI/Creepy Doll.webp
bestiary/PSI/Geist.webp
bestiary/PSI/Vampire Neonate.webp
bestiary/PSI/Werewolf (Krallenhorde).webp
bestiary/PSK/Gremlin.webp
bestiary/PSK/Servo.webp
bestiary/PSK/Sky Leviathan.webp
bestiary/PSX/Chupacabra.webp
bestiary/PSX/Elder Dinosaur.webp
bestiary/PSX/Frilled Deathspitter.webp
bestiary/PSX/Gishath, Sun's Avatar.webp
bestiary/PSX/Sunbird.webp
bestiary/PSZ/Archon of Redemption.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Aberrant Zealot.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Encephalon Cluster.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Encephalon Gemmule.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Fiendish Auger.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Flesh Meld.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Grell Psychic.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Iarno Glasstaff Albrek.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Infected Elder Brain.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Intellect Snare.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Lowarnizel.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Mind Flayer Clairvoyant.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Mind Flayer Prophet.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Nezznar the Spider.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Oculorb.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Oshundo the Alhoon.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Qunbraxel.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Refraction of Ilvaash.webp
bestiary/PaBTSO/Ruxithid the Chosen.webp
bestiary/PotA/Aerisi Kalinoth.webp
bestiary/PotA/Black Earth Guard.webp
bestiary/PotA/Black Earth Priest.webp
bestiary/PotA/Burrowshark.webp
bestiary/PotA/Crushing Wave Cultists.webp
bestiary/PotA/Crushing Wave Cultists.webp
bestiary/PotA/Crushing Wave Cultists.webp
bestiary/PotA/Crushing Wave Priest.webp
bestiary/PotA/Dark Tide Knight.webp
bestiary/PotA/Elizar Dryflagon.webp
bestiary/PotA/Eternal Flame Priest.webp
bestiary/PotA/Feathergale Knight.webp
bestiary/PotA/Flamewrath.webp
bestiary/PotA/Ghald.webp
bestiary/PotA/Howling Hatred Priest.webp
bestiary/PotA/Imix.webp
bestiary/PotA/Marlos Urnrayle.webp
bestiary/PotA/Ogrémoch.webp
bestiary/PotA/Olhydra.webp
bestiary/PotA/Oreioth.webp
bestiary/PotA/Razerblast.webp
bestiary/PotA/Sacred Stone Monk.webp
bestiary/PotA/Vanifer.webp
bestiary/PotA/Wiggan Nettlebee.webp
bestiary/PotA/Yan-C-Bin.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Android.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Barkburr.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Combat Robot.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Derro Apprentice.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Derro Raider.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Derwyth.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Drelnza.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Froghemoth Elder.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Guardian of Gorm.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Horrid Plant.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Leprechaun.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Mage of Usamigaras.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Maschin-i-Bozorg.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Memory Web.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Nafas.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Nafik.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Sion.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Swarm of Gibberlings.webp
bestiary/QftIS/The Gardener.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Warrior of Madarua.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Wolf-in-Sheeps-Clothing.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Worker Robot.webp
bestiary/QftIS/Zargon the Returner.webp
bestiary/RMBRE/021-intro-14.webp
bestiary/RoT/Naergoth Bladelord.webp
bestiary/RoT/Neronvain.webp
bestiary/RoT/Severin.webp
bestiary/RoT/Tiamat.webp
bestiary/SCC/Archaic.webp
bestiary/SCC/Art Elemental Mascot.webp
bestiary/SCC/Beledros Witherbloom.webp
bestiary/SCC/Brackish Trudge.webp
bestiary/SCC/Cogwork Archivist.webp
bestiary/SCC/Daemogoth Titan.webp
bestiary/SCC/Daemogoth.webp
bestiary/SCC/First-Year Student.webp
bestiary/SCC/Fractal Mascot.webp
bestiary/SCC/Galazeth Prismari.webp
bestiary/SCC/Groff.webp
bestiary/SCC/Inkling Mascot.webp
bestiary/SCC/Lorehold Apprentice.webp
bestiary/SCC/Mage Hunter.webp
bestiary/SCC/Murgaxor.webp
bestiary/SCC/Oracle of Strixhaven.webp
bestiary/SCC/Oriq Blood Mage.webp
bestiary/SCC/Oriq Recruiter.webp
bestiary/SCC/Pest Mascot.webp
bestiary/SCC/Prismari Apprentice.webp
bestiary/SCC/Quandrix Apprentice.webp
bestiary/SCC/Relic Sloth.webp
bestiary/SCC/Ruin Grinder.webp
bestiary/SCC/Shadrix Silverquill.webp
bestiary/SCC/Silverquill Apprentice.webp
bestiary/SCC/Silverquill Pledgemage.webp
bestiary/SCC/Spirit Statue Mascot.webp
bestiary/SCC/Strixhaven Campus Guide.webp
bestiary/SCC/Tanazir Quandrix.webp
bestiary/SCC/Velomachus Lorehold.webp
bestiary/SCC/Witherbloom Apprentice.webp
bestiary/SCC/Witherbloom Pledgemage.webp
bestiary/SKT/Chief Guh.webp
bestiary/SKT/Countess Sansuri.webp
bestiary/SKT/Crag Cat.webp
bestiary/SKT/Duke Zalto.webp
bestiary/SKT/Iymrith.webp
bestiary/SKT/Jarl Storvald.webp
bestiary/SKT/King Hekaton.webp
bestiary/SKT/Slarkrethel.webp
bestiary/SKT/Thane Kayalithica.webp
bestiary/SKT/Uthgardt Shaman.webp
bestiary/SKT/Yakfolk Warrior.webp
bestiary/SKT/Zephyros.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/AdranachFluffAttack.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/CinderslagElementalFluff.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/ColdSnapSpiritFluff.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/CyclopsStormcallerFluff.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/DemonfeedSpiderFluff.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/EmberRocFluff.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/GoatKnightFluff.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/GrogStrongjawFluffPortrait.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/JourraelFluff.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/KeylethFluff.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/MagmaLandsharkFluff.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/PikeFluff.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/ScanlanFluff.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/SerpentfolkFluff.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/VaxFluff.webp
bestiary/TDCSR/WraithrootTreeFluff.webp
bestiary/TTP/Decapus.webp
bestiary/TTP/Geonid.webp
bestiary/TTP/Topi.webp
bestiary/TftYP-TSC/006-totyp-01-07.webp
bestiary/TftYP/Animated Table.webp
bestiary/TftYP/Centaur Mummy.webp
bestiary/TftYP/Erky Timbers.webp
bestiary/TftYP/Sea Lion.webp
bestiary/TftYP/Tarul Var.webp
bestiary/TftYP/Thayan Apprentice.webp
bestiary/TftYP/Yusdrayl.webp
bestiary/ToA/Acererak.webp
bestiary/ToA/Albino Dwarf.webp
bestiary/ToA/Albino Dwarf.webp
bestiary/ToA/Aldani (Lobsterfolk).webp
bestiary/ToA/Almiraj.webp
bestiary/ToA/Artus Cimber.webp
bestiary/ToA/Asharra.webp
bestiary/ToA/Assassin Vine.webp
bestiary/ToA/Atropal.webp
bestiary/ToA/Bag of Nails.webp
bestiary/ToA/Dragonbait.webp
bestiary/ToA/Eblis.webp
bestiary/ToA/Flying Monkey.webp
bestiary/ToA/Giant Four-Armed Gargoyle.webp
bestiary/ToA/Girallon Zombie.webp
bestiary/ToA/Hew Hackinstone.webp
bestiary/ToA/Jaculi.webp
bestiary/ToA/Kamadan.webp
bestiary/ToA/King of Feathers.webp
bestiary/ToA/Liara Portyr.webp
bestiary/ToA/Mwaxanaré.webp
bestiary/ToA/Pterafolk.webp
bestiary/ToA/Stone Juggernaut.webp
bestiary/ToA/Su-monster.webp
bestiary/ToA/Tabaxi Minstrel.webp
bestiary/ToA/Tomb Dwarf.webp
bestiary/ToA/Tomb Guardian.webp
bestiary/ToA/Tri-flower Frond.webp
bestiary/ToA/Tyrannosaurus Zombie.webp
bestiary/ToA/Valindra Shadowmantle.webp
bestiary/ToA/Withers.webp
bestiary/ToA/Xandala.webp
bestiary/ToA/Yellow Musk Creeper.webp
bestiary/ToA/Yellow Musk Zombie.webp
bestiary/ToA/Zindar.webp
bestiary/ToA/Zorbo.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Abominable Beauty.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Accursed Defiler.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Adult Cave Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Adult Flame Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Adult Mithral Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Adult Sea Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Adult Void Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Adult Wind Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Al-Aeshma Genie.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ala.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Alehouse Drake.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Algorith.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Amphiptere.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ancient Cave Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ancient Flame Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ancient Mithral Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ancient Sea Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ancient Titan.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ancient Void Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ancient Wind Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Angatra.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Angler Worm.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Annelidast.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Anubian.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Apau Perape Demon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Arboreal Grappler.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Arch-Devil IaAffrat.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Aridni.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Arx.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Asanbosam.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ash Drake.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ashwalker.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Automata Devil.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Azza Gremlin.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Baba Yagas Horsemen.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Bagiennik.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Bandit Lord.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Bastet Temple Cat.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Bear King.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Bearfolk.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Beggar Ghoul.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Beheaded Vengeful Spirit.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Behtu.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Beli.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Bereginyas.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Berstuc Demon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Black Knight Commander.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Blemmyes.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Blood Hag.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Boloti.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Bone Collective.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Bone Crab.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Bone Swarm.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Bonepowder Ghoul.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Bouda.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Broodiken.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Bucca.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Bukavac.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Buraq.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Burrowling.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Cactid.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Cambium.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Carrion Beetle.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Caustic Charger.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Cavelight Moss.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Chained Angel.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Chelicerae.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Chernomoi.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Child of the Briar.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Chort Devil.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Chronalmental.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Cikavak.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Citrullus.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/City Watch Captain.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Clockwork Abomination.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Clockwork Beetle Swarm.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Clockwork Beetle.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Clockwork Hound.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Clockwork Huntsman.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Clockwork Myrmidon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Clockwork Watchman.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Clockwork Weaving Spider.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Clurichaun.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Cobbleswarm.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Coral Drake.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Corpse Mound.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Corrupted Ushabti.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Corrupting Ooze.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Crimson Drake.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Crystalline Devil.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Darakhul.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Dau.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Death Butterfly Swarm.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Deathcap Myconid.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Deathwisp.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Deep Drake.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Deep One Archimandrite.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Deep One Priest.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Degenerate Titan.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Demon Lord Akyishigal.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Demon Lord Camazotz.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Demon Lord Mechuiti.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Demon Lord Qorgeth.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Derro Fetal Savant.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Derro Shadow Antipaladin.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Desert Giant.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Devilbound Gnome.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Dipsa.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Dissimortuum.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Dogmole.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Domovoi.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Doppelrat.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Dorreq.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Dragon Eel.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Dragonleaf Tree.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Drakon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Drowned Maiden.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Dullahan.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Dullahan.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Dune Mimic.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Duskthorn Dryad.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Dust Goblin.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Dwarven Ringmage.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Eala.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Eater of Dust.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Edimmu.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Eel Hound.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Einherjar.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Elder Shadow Drake.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Elemental Locus.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Elvish Veteran Archer.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Emerald Eye.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Emerald Order Cult Leader.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Empty Cloak.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Eonic Drifter.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Erina.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Eye Golem.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Far Darrig.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Fate Eater.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Fear Smith.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Fellforged.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Fext.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Feyward Tree.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Fidele Angel.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Firebird.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Firegeist.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Flab Giant.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Flutterflesh.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Folk of Leng.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Forest Marauder.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Fraughashar.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Frostveil.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Garroter Crab.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Gbahali.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Gearforged Templar.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Gerridae.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ghost Knight.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ghostwalk Spider.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Giant Ant.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Gilded Devil.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Glass Gator.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Gnarljak.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Gnoll Havoc Runner.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Goat-Man.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Gray Thirster.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Grim Jester.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Gug.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Gypsosphinx.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Haugbui.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Herald of Blood.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Herald of Darkness.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Hoard Golem.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Horakh.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Hound of the Night.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Hraesvelgr.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Hulking Whelp.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Hundun.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ice Maiden.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Idolic Deity.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Imperial Ghoul.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ink Devil.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Iron Ghoul.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Isonade.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Jaculus.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Jba Fofi Spider.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Jotun.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Kalke.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Kikimora.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Kishi Demon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Kobold Alchemist.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Kobold Chieftain.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Kobold Trapsmith.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Kongamato.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Koralk Devil.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Kot Bayun.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Krake Spawn.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Lake Troll.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Lantern Dragonette.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Lemurfolk.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Leshy.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Library Automaton.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Lich Hound.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Likho.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Lindwurm.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Liosalfar.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Living Wick.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Lord of the Hunt.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Lorelei.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Loxoda.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Lunar Devil.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Mahoru.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Malakbel Demon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Mallqui.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Malphas.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Mamura.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Map Mimic.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Mask Wight.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Mavka.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Mbielu Dinosaur.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Mi-go.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Millitaur.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Mindrot Thrall.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Mirager.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Miremal.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Mirror Hag.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Mngwa.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Monolith Champion.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Monolith Footman.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Moonlit King.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Mordant Snare.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Morphoi.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Moss Lurker.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Myling.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Naina.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Necrohydra.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ngobou Dinosaur.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Nichny.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Night Scorpion.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Nightgarm.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Nihileth Aboleth.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Nihilethic Zombie.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Nkosi.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Noctiny.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Oculo Swarm.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ogre Corrupted Chieftain.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Oozasis.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Orobas Devil.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ostinato.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Owl Harpy.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Pact Vampire.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Paper Drake.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Planewatcher.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Pombero.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Possessed Pillar.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Psoglav Demon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Putrid Haunt.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Queen of Night and Magic.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Queen of Witches.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Quicksilver Siege Orb.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Qwyllion.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ramag.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Rat King.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ratatosk.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ratfolk.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ravenala.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ravenfolk Scout.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ravenfolk Warrior.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Red Hag.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Red-Banded Line Spider.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Rift Swine.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Rime Worm.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Risen Reaver.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/River King.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Roachling Skirmisher.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Rotting Wind.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Rubezahl Demon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Rum Gremlin.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Rust Drake.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Salt Devil.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Salt Golem.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Sand Hag.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Sand Silhouette.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Sand Spider.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Sandman.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Sandwyrm.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Sap Demon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Sarcophagus Slime.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Sathaq Worm.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Savager.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Scheznyki.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Scorpion Cultist.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Selang.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Shadhavar.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Shadow Beast.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Shadow Fey Duelist.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Shadow Fey Enchantress.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Shadow Fey Forest Hunter.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Shadow Fey Guardian.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Shadow Fey.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Sharkjaw Skeleton.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Shellycoat.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Shoggoth.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Shroud.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Skein Witch.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Skin Bat.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Skitterhaunt.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Slow Storm.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Smaragdine Golem.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Snow Queen.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Son of Fenris.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Soul Eater.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Spark.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Spawn of Akyishigal.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Spawn of Arbeyach.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Spectral Guardian.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Spider Thief.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Spider of Leng.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Spinosaurus Dinosaur.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Spire Walker.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Star Drake.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Star-Spawn of Cthulhu.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Steam Golem.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Strife.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Stryx.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Stuhac.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Stygian Fat-Tailed Scorpion.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Subek.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Suturefly.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Swamp Adder.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Swarm of Fire Dancers.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Swarm of Manabane Scarabs.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Swarm of Prismatic Beetles.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Swarm of Sluaghs.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Swarm of Wolf Spirits.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Temple Dog.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Tendril Puppet.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Thuellai.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Thursir.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Titanoboa.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Tophet.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Tosculi Hive Queen.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Tosculi Warrior.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Treacle.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Trollkin Reaver.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Tusked Skyfish.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Umbral Vampire.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Uraeus.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Urochar.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ushabti Royal Guard.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ushabti.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Valkyrie.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Vapor Lynx.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Venomous Mummy.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Vesiculosa.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Vila.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Vile Barber.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Vine Lord.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Vine Troll Skeleton.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Voidling.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Volguloth.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Vættir.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Wampus Cat.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/War Ostrich.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Water Leaper.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Weeping Treant.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Wharfling.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/White Ape.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Wind Dragon Wyrmling.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Witchlight.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Wolf Reaver Dwarf.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Wormhearted Suffragan.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Xanka.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Xhkarsh.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Ychen Bannog.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Young Cave Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Young Flame Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Young Mithral Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Young Sea Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Young Void Dragon.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Zanskaran Viper.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Zimwi.webp
bestiary/ToB1-2023/Zmey.webp
bestiary/ToFW/Morte.webp
bestiary/VD/Vecna Profile.webp
bestiary/VD/Vecna Profile.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Alustriel Silverhand.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Black Rose Bearer.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Blade Lieutenant.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Blade Scout.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Blazebear.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Bone Roc.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Borthak.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Camlash.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Citadel Spider.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Deadbark Dryad.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Deathwolf.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Degloth.webp
bestiary/VEoR/False Lich.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Glaive.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Granite Juggernaut.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Hazvongel.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Hertilod.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Kakkuu Spyder-Fiend.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Kas the Betrayer.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Mirror Shade.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Miska the Wolf-Spider.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Moonlight Guardian.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Phisarazu Spyder-Fiend.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Quavilithku Spyder-Fiend.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Raklupis Spyder-Fiend.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Relentless Impaler.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Spiderdragon.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Star Angler.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Strahd, Master of Death House.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Tasha the Witch.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Vlazok.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Warforged Warrior.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Whirling Chandelier.webp
bestiary/VEoR/Windfall.webp
bestiary/VGM/Alhoon.webp
bestiary/VGM/Illusionist.webp
bestiary/VGM/Mind Flayer Psion.webp
bestiary/VGM/Orc Claw of Luthic.webp
bestiary/VGM/Orc Nurtured One of Yurtrus.webp
bestiary/VGM/Orc Red Fang of Shargaas.webp
bestiary/VGM/Vegepygmy.webp
bestiary/VGM/Yuan-ti Malison Type 4 and 5.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Bodytaker Plant.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Boneless.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Brain in a Jar.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Brain in a Jar.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Carrion Stalker.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Carrionette.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Deaths Head.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Elise.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Gallows Speaker.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Greater Star Spawn Emissary.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Gremishka.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Inquisitor of the Mind Fire.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Inquisitor of the Sword.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Inquisitor of the Tome.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Isolde.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Jiangshi.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Loup Garou.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Necrichor.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Nosferatu.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Priest of Osybus.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Relentless Juggernaut.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Strigoi.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Swarm of Gremishkas.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Swarm of Maggots.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Unspeakable Horror.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Vampiric Mind Flayer.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Wereraven.webp
bestiary/VRGR/Zombie Clot.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Agdon Longscarf.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Amidor the Dandelion.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Bavlorna Blightstraw.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Brigganock.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Bullywug Knight.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Campestri.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Clapperclaw the Scarecrow.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Displacer Beast Kitten.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Elkhorn.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Endelyn Moongrave.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Envy.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Flying Rocking Horse.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Giant Dragonfly.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Giant Snail.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Glasswork Golem.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Iggwilv the Witch Queen.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Jabberwock.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Jingle Jangle.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Kelek.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Kettlesteam the Kenku.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Living Doll.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Mercion.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Mister Light.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Mister Witch.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Molliver.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Pollenella the Honeybee.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Ringlerun.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Selenelion Twin.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Sir Talavar.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Skabatha Nightshade.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Skylla.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Squirt the Oilcan.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Strongheart.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Swarm of Campestris.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Tin Soldier.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Treant Sapling.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Warduke.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Zarak.webp
bestiary/WBtW/Zargash.webp
bestiary/WDH/Ahmaergo.webp
bestiary/WDH/Ammalia Cassalanter.webp
bestiary/WDH/Barnibus Blastwind.webp
bestiary/WDH/Black Viper.webp
bestiary/WDH/Davil Starsong.webp
bestiary/WDH/Drow Gunslinger.webp
bestiary/WDH/Durnan.webp
bestiary/WDH/Griffon Cavalry Rider.webp
bestiary/WDH/Hlam.webp
bestiary/WDH/Hrabbaz.webp
bestiary/WDH/Istrid Horn.webp
bestiary/WDH/Jalester Silvermane.webp
bestiary/WDH/Jarlaxle Baenre.webp
bestiary/WDH/Laeral Silverhand.webp
bestiary/WDH/Manshoon Simulacrum.webp
bestiary/WDH/Manshoon.webp
bestiary/WDH/Meloon Wardragon.webp
bestiary/WDH/Mirt.webp
bestiary/WDH/Nimblewright.webp
bestiary/WDH/Noska Ur'gray.webp
bestiary/WDH/Ott Steeltoes.webp
bestiary/WDH/Renaer Neverember.webp
bestiary/WDH/Saeth Cromley.webp
bestiary/WDH/Skeemo Weirdbottle.webp
bestiary/WDH/Tashlyn Yafeera.webp
bestiary/WDH/The Gralhunds.webp
bestiary/WDH/The Gralhunds.webp
bestiary/WDH/Thorvin Twinbeard.webp
bestiary/WDH/Urstul Floxin.webp
bestiary/WDH/Vajra Safahr.webp
bestiary/WDH/Victoro Cassalanter.webp
bestiary/WDH/Walking Statue of Waterdeep.webp
bestiary/WDH/Yagra Stonefist.webp
bestiary/WDH/Ziraj the Hunter.webp
bestiary/WDMM/041-13-01.webp
bestiary/WDMM/Halaster Blackcloak.webp
bestiary/WDMM/Lava Child.webp
bestiary/WDMM/Muiral.webp
bestiary/WDMM/Scaladar.webp
bestiary/WDMM/Werebat.webp